#
# QCOM Soc drivers
#
config QCOM_GSBI
        tristate "QCOM General Serial Bus Interface"
        depends on ARCH_QCOM
        help
          Say y here to enable GSBI support.  The GSBI provides control
          functions for connecting the underlying serial UART, SPI, and I2C
          devices to the output pins.

config QCOM_PM
	bool "Qualcomm Power Management"
	depends on ARCH_QCOM
	help
	  QCOM Platform specific power driver to manage cores and L2 low power
	  modes. It interface with various system drivers to put the cores in
	  low power modes.

config MSM_SMD
	depends on MSM_SMEM
	bool "MSM Shared Memory Driver (SMD)"
	help
	  Support for the shared memory interprocessor communication protocol
	  which provides virual point to point serial channels between processes
	  on the apps processor and processes on other processors in the SoC.
	  Also includes support for the Shared Memory State Machine (SMSM)
	  protocol which provides a mechanism to publish single bit state
	  information to one or more processors in the SoC.

config MSM_SMD_DEBUG
	depends on MSM_SMD
	bool "MSM SMD debug support"
	help
	  Support for debugging SMD and SMSM communication between apps and
	  other processors in the SoC. Debug support primarily consists of
	  logs consisting of information such as what interrupts were processed,
	  what channels caused interrupt activity, and when internal state
	  change events occur.

config MSM_RPM_SMD
	bool "RPM driver using SMD protocol"
	help
	  RPM is the dedicated hardware engine for managing shared SoC
	  resources. This config adds driver support for using SMD as a
	  transport layer communication with RPM hardware. It also selects
	  the MSM_MPM config that programs the MPM module to monitor interrupts
	  during sleep modes.

config MSM_SMEM
	depends on REMOTE_SPINLOCK_MSM
	bool "MSM Shared Memory (SMEM)"
	help
	  Support for the shared memory interface between the various
	  processors in the System on a Chip (SoC) which allows basic
	  inter-processor communication.
